Reflect upon the following questions and write up an email to me:

What was the most challenging part of this lab?
Understanding and implementing an observer pattern. The hardest part of observer patterns was thinking of updating a function that uses the data structure at the same time while changing the data structure.

What did you enjoy most about JavaScript?
Not having to say the types every time I created a function, variable or data structure.

What did you least enjoy about JavaScript?
The lack of true inheritance so it was very hard to understand how inheritance works in javascript.

Do you think you would choose JavaScript over other languages for this task? What other language would you have chosen to implement the interpreter in, and why?
Javascript was helpful in actually visualizing what is in the stack, however I wish it combined C++ elements in it so it had types. 



Did the lack of type safety hurt you on this lab? Were there any points at which you got tripped up by not having types?
Most of the time the lack of types didn't both me as I knew what the types the functions, variables and data structures were. However whenever I stopped working on my code for
a little bit and came back to it it was kind of difficult to remember what the types of things were especially the variables in a function. 


Were any of the concepts used in class helpful to you completing this project, even though this lab is in JavaScript (vs Racket / C++)?
Since JavaScript has functional and object oriented programming aspects to it, it was very helpful to have knowledge of both of these types of programming
while working on the project. 

If you could add one feature to this application, but don't have time / know-how to do so, what would it be? What concepts from the class do you envision could help get you there?
Maybe showing the memory diagram of the stack from the beginning and as you keep adding and popping numbers of the stack. Since we have worked on memory diagrams a lot in class, I think it would be very interesting
to actually show in real time what is happening.